Open Employee Schedules from the sidebar.
p02
Four tiles read across the top: who's scheduled this week, how many shifts sit open,
p03
your coverage percentage, and how many sites that covers.
p04
This is your first stop when a manager asks whether the week is staffed.
p05
Now the grid itself.
p06
One row per person, one column per day, Monday through Sunday.
p07
Each cell holds a shift code, a start and end like seven to three, or off for a day off.
p08
Read across a single row and you have that person's whole week.
p09
Above the grid, two panels do the math for you.
p10
One splits the week by time of day: morning, afternoon, evening.
p11
The other rates coverage, how much is covered, at risk, or still open.
p12
You can spot a thin day before you ever open a row.
p13
Switch to Time Clock.
p14
Schedules are the plan.
p15
This is what actually happened.
p16
The tile to watch is On Clock Now, your live count of everyone punched in across the network,
p17
right this second.
p18
Run your eye down the clock-out column.
p19
Most rows show a time in and a time out.
p20
One shows a dash.
p21
That dash isn't missing data.
p22
It means the person is still on the clock, and their hours keep climbing until they punch out.
p23
Off to the side, the punch-status panel.
p24
It splits today into on the clock, clocked out, and no show.
p25
No show is the one to scan for: scheduled staff who never punched in.
p26
That's a call worth making before the shift falls short.
p27
Open Employee Roles.
p28
A role is a job's permission set, what that person is allowed to touch.
p29
The tiles count your total roles, how many are active,
p30
and how many sit at manager or admin level.
p31
The list names each role and, in the last column, its access level.
p32
Administrator has full reach.
p33
A cashier gets the point of sale and little else.
p34
When someone can't do something they expect to, this column is usually the reason.
p35
The access-levels panel sums it up.
p36
Most of your staff sit at the low tier, and that's by design.
p37
Far more cashiers and attendants than managers.
p38
The panel beside it ranks roles by how many people hold each one.
p39
Last page, User Groups.
p40
A group is a named set of people, and it's a different idea from a role.
p41
A role is about permissions.
p42
A group is about who belongs together.
p43
Each group lists its description, its member count, and its locations.
p44
Some cover a single site, like the M-L-A-S staff group.
p45
Others span every location, like all cashiers.
p46
The locations column tells you a group's reach at a glance.
p47
One thing that isn't obvious on screen.
p48
Groups are how Maintenance work gets assigned.
p49
Route an issue to the detail team, and it reaches everyone in that group.
p50
So hold the split in your head: roles decide what a person can do,
p51
groups decide who the work lands on.
p52
Four pages, four questions.
p53
Schedules, for who works which days.
p54
Time Clock, for who's punched in right now.
p55
Roles, for what someone's allowed to do.
p56
Groups, for who belongs to which team.
p57
Every one is a list you read, never a screen you edit.
p58
Trust the tiles for the live count, read the rows for the detail,
p59
and leave the punches and schedules alone.